readme.md, before:

# OurRSS-Desktop
#### An open RSS player built with open web standards openly... (WIP)

###

![OurRSS-Desktop Screenie](https://i.imgur.com/HUyPAG3.png "OurRSS-Desktop Screenie")

## State 
> Work In Progress

> Can add feed, needs moved UI wise and card needs addes on fly (refresh for now)

> Feeds are stored; under ```audio.feeds[JSON]```

> Gets all availible _episodes_

> All _normal_ functions of custom player are working.

## Uses these other open projects
> [electron-store](https://github.com/sindresorhus/electron-store)

> [electron-notify](https://github.com/hankbao/electron-notify)

> [rss-to-json](https://github.com/nasa8x/rss-to-json) Edited version but pull request was accepted.

> [ourrss-player](https://github.com/dubyajaysmith/ourrss-player)

> [ourrss-listen](https://github.com/dubyajaysmith/ourrss-listen) Edited version for electron but included.

> [promise](https://github.com/then/promise)

### Dev

```
$ npm install
```

### Run

```
$ npm start
```

### Build

```
$ npm run build
```

Builds the app for macOS, Linux, and Windows, using [electron-packager](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-packager).


## License
All rights reserved.

MIT © [Jamie Smith](http://jamiesmiths.com)

Commit message:

Refresh & Delete Feed: done; v1.0: readme & package updated;

readme.md, after:

# OurRSS Desktop
### An Open RSS Player Built with Open Web Standards Openly (for Windows, Linux & Mac)

![OurRSS-Desktop Screenie](https://i.imgur.com/XEuQjgn.png "OurRSS-Desktop Screenie")

## State v1.0
> Radio (randomizer)

> Add, Refresh, Delete, Import & Export Feeds

> Play, Pause & Skip Time : forward & back icons or tap the duration line at the bottom (the width is the duration of the audio)


### Dev

```
$ npm install
```

### Run

```
$ npm start
```

### Build

```
$ npm run build
```

Builds the app for macOS, Linux, and Windows using [electron-packager](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-packager).

## Uses these other open projects
> [electron](https://github.com/electron/electron)

> [electron-store](https://github.com/sindresorhus/electron-store)

> [electron-notify](https://github.com/hankbao/electron-notify)

> [promise](https://github.com/then/promise)

> [rss-to-json](https://github.com/nasa8x/rss-to-json) (Edited but pull request was accepted)

> [ourrss-player](https://github.com/dubyajaysmith/ourrss-player) (Edited for electron)

> [ourrss-listen](https://github.com/dubyajaysmith/ourrss-listen) (Edited for electron)

## License
All rights reserved.

MIT © [Jamie Smith](http://jamiesmiths.com)
